# CV_multimedia
Project analysis, User profile:
The user persona would be the human resources people who will want to hire a young person, with no experience for minor jobs, temporary ones, part-time ones… The receiver will want to know about me, and about my capabilities and skills. They will want also to know my last experiences, formation, which languages I’m fluent. They will want to contact me, so my data is available for them in order to them contact me. The page’s intention is to find fast a person for jobs, that require people with occasional responsibility, and jobs that do not need any kind of previous experience. People who will value brief descriptions and straight forward information. The site must provide prominent, one-click access to contact information (email and phone number). They do not want to navigate multiple pages. This persona wants to be able to analyze the candidates using the fewest time on each one, if the curriculum vitae fits what they are searching they want to be able to reach me as fast as possible. So they don’t value who I am, in fact they value if someone would accept that job as fast as they need, and fire me as soon as someone else accepts lower conditions as I do.

Project analysis, Information architecture:
I have distributed the information in two primary blocks, two columns to be precise, one larger and subdivided in two big portions, which they contain my academic formations where they figure when I was coursing each one and where, with easy access to the official page of each study. The other one contain my work experiences and where I have volunteered recently, in the same way that in the academic portion  it also contains when I did those jobs, and there is linked the page of each one. The second column is used to give to the receiver all my personal information such as my name and an image, my current status, what I search in that job in order to establish my image and project who I am to the receiver. My contact information which contains my phone number, my email address, my physical address. And lastly, the languages that I'm capable to express and work and to what extent I can do it, which are essential for matching candidates to customer service or communication-heavy roles. All the information in the curriculum vitae is concise, clean and easy to access in order to guarantee the “contact me fast” requirement of some jobs.



Project analysis, Visual design:
The idea of the design of this curriculum tries to prioritize a clean and highly organized presentation of the candidate (in this case myself), while using a characteristic palette that suits and complement the profile picture color scheme, in order to make it not to break the whole aesthetic of the page. The CV uses a two column structure with a clear hierarchy.  The right column acts as some kind of sidebar that allows the receiver to keep the essential information separated from the whole.  The color palette uses maroon and teal, with light gray, contrasting but not being aggressive with the saturation of the colors. The teal is mostly used in the headings while the maroon in the background of the page and in the links (when there’s a cursor hovering them) using a smooth fade out animation of that background colour change. The light grey garantees a high readability. The usage of the pure white is reduced to mostly none and of the usage of pure black is only used as the main colour of the primary text.  The typography is consistent during the whole page. Bolding and using the italic on key elements as the headings or the dates.

Figma link:
https://www.figma.com/design/sts0Whnryr5sMbOhaqvVR6/Untitled?node-id=0-1&t=D0YCvw6fiiQEmdg1-1
